#summary Common Issues and Solutions

<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />
<br>
----
<br>






= Requirements =

 # Java Runtime Environment (Get it free at: [http://java.com/ java.com])
 # An active Eve-Online account (to have any use of the program)
<br>
----
<br>







= How to run =

== Windows ==

Double click on jeveassets.jar

== Linux ==

in terminal run:<br>
<pre>java -jar /path/to/jEveAssets/jeveassets.jar</pre>
where "path/to" is the path on your computer to the jeveassets directory

*or*

cd to jEveAssets directory and run:
<pre>java -jar jeveassets.jar</pre>
<br>
----
<br>






= Update jEveAssets to a new version =

Simply overwrite all the old files with the new ones. Your settings and assets will stay untouched.<br>
<br>
----
<br>






= Sort columns =

You need to double click to sort a new column. A single click will sub-sort the column.<br>
<br>
----
<br>






= Portable =

Add the command line argument: -portable

<pre>java -jar jeveassets.jar -portable</pre>
<br>
----
<br>





= Settings location =

Replace *USERNAME* with your username

==Windows==
XP: C:\Documents and Settings\*USERNAME*\.jeveassets\<br>
Vista: C:\Users\*USERNAME*\.jeveassets\<br>

==Linux==
/home/*USERNAME*/.jeveassets/

==Mac==
~/Library/Preferences/JEveAssets<br>
<br>
----
<br>





= jEveAssets will not run =

== Solutions 1 ==
Re-download jEveAssets (jEveAsset can get corrupted doing download)

 # Download [http://eve.nikr.net/jeveasset jEveAssets]
 # Unzip
 # Double click on jeveasset.jar

== Solutions 2 ==
Re-install java (old versions of java are bad)

 # Uninstall all versions of java ([http://www.java.com/en/download/uninstall.jsp help])
 # Download the latest version of [http://www.java.com/en/download/index.jsp java]
 # Install java ([http://www.java.com/en/download/help/windows_manual_download.xml help])
<br>
----
<br>






= File Lock =
File locks are necessary to prevent file corruption.<br>
If jEveAssets is forcefully terminated while reading/writing a file, the file will never be unlocked.<br>
This prevent jEveAssets from accessing the file.
 # Close all instances of jEveAssets (You can restart your computer to be 100% sure all instances of jEveAssets is closed)
 # Run a single instance of jEveAssets (This will delete all existing file locks)
<br>
----
<br>






= Character API Key =
 # Go to Options > Accounts...
 # Click "Add"
 # Click on the "New API Key" link
 # Enter a name for the API Key
 # Click "Submit" on the webpage
 # Copy and Paste the ID and Verification Code in to jEveAssets
 # Click "Next" and wait...
 # Click "OK"
*Note:* step 1 and 2 can be skipped if you run jEveAssets for the first time.

To have full use of jEveAssets you need:
 * `MarketOrders`
 * `AccountBalance`
 * `Contracts`
 * `AssetList`
 * `IndustryJobs`
It will work with just the `AssetList`, but, with limited functionality.
<br>
----
<br>





= Corporation API Key =
You need to create a Customizable API key for the corporation
 # Go to https://support.eveonline.com/api/Key/Create
 # Select a Character that is CEO (Will have "Corp" after the name)
 # in "Type" select Corporation
 # Now select:
   * `MarketOrders`
   * `AccountBalance`
   * `Contracts`
   * `AssetList`
   * `IndustryJobs`
 # Create the API Key by pressing "submit"
 # Enter the API Key in jEveAssets (Just like a normal API Key)
 # Update everything in jEveAssets, to get the corporation stuff
<br>
----
<br>






= API Key Import (errors and solutions) =
== API Proxy ==
Invalid API Proxy.
 # In the menu select: `"Options"` > `"Options..."`
 # Select `"Proxy"`
 # Uncheck `"Enable API Proxy"` or make sure `"API Proxy Address"` is set correct.
== Proxy Server ==
If you're behind a proxy server, you need to enable it in jEveAssets.
 # In the menu select: `"Options"` > `"Options"`...
 # Select `"Proxy"`
 # Select your `"Proxy Type"`
   * `"Direct"` = No proxy server
   * `"HTTP"` = Http proxy server
   * `"SOCKS"` = Socks proxy server
 # Enter your `"Proxy Address"` and `"Proxy Port"`
== Firewall blocks Java ==
 # Disable your firewall (at your own risk...)
 # Import API Keys in jEveAssets
 # Enable your firewall
If you succeed, you need to add a firewall exception for Java (Please contact your firewall provider, for additional help)
== API is down ==
Wait until it's back up (wait a day or less...)
== API is unstable ==
Try a couple of times (Press `"Previous"` to retry...)
== API Error ==
This is a CCP API Error.
Feel free to [https://code.google.com/p/jeveassets/wiki/ReadMe#Asking_for_help ask for help] 
== I give up... ==
No problem! if you have tried everything above, please send a [https://code.google.com/p/jeveassets/wiki/ReadMe#Bugs bug report]
<br>
----
<br>





= Bugs =

Please send an email to niklaskr@gmail.com and include the following:<br>
 # The jeveassets.log in the [https://code.google.com/p/jeveassets/wiki/ReadMe#Settings_location settings location]<br>
 # Instructions on how to reproduce the bug<br>
<br>
----
<br>





= Asking for help =
If nothing of the above solve your problem.

 # Make a post in the [https://forums.eveonline.com/default.aspx?g=posts&t=6419 forum thread]
 # Please include the following information: Operation System and Java version (if you know)
 # I'll do my best to help you.
<br>
----